Unofficial-Official-XBMC-Remote
iOS Full-featured remote control for XBMC Media Center. It features library browsing, now playing informations and a direct remote control.

In order to avoid possible GPL violations when publishing on Apple's App Store, I believe
it necessary to reserve the right to relicense this software as I see fit. Rather than
adding a specific exemption, I have chosen to ask contributors to assign any contributions
to me so that I may apply a different license if necessary. Contributors can certify with
a sign-off in their commits that they agree to these terms, which are a modified version
of the OpenOffice terms available at http://www.openoffice.org/licenses/jca.pdf.

--

By making a contribution to this project, I (Contributor) certify with my sign-off line that
I agree to the following terms:

1. Contributor owns, and has sufficient rights to contribute, all source code and related
material intended to be compiled or integrated with the source code for the
XBMC Remote open source project (the "Contribution") which Contributor has ever
delivered, and Giovanni Messina has accepted, for incorporation into the technology made available
under the XBMC Remote open source project.

2. Contributor hereby assigns to Giovanni Messina joint ownership in all worldwide common law and
statutory rights associated with the copyrights, copyright application, copyright
registration and moral rights in the Contribution to the extent allowable under applicable
local laws and copyright conventions. Contributor agrees that this assignment may be
submitted by Giovanni Messina to register a copyright in the Contribution. Contributor retains the right
to use the Contribution for Contributor's own purposes. This Joint Copyright Assignment
supersedes and replaces all prior copyright assignments made by Contributor to Giovanni Messina
under the XBMC Remote project.

3. Contributor is legally entitled to grant the above assignment and agrees not to provide
any Contribution that violates any law or breaches any contract.

Signed-off-by: Giovanni Messina <joethefox@gmail.com>
